title: "Goal Four"
categories:

tags:

---
# Outcome 4a
### Apply library and information science theories, principles, and research to professional practice.

For outcome 4a, my artifact comes from LIS 770, Management of Libraries and Information Centers. In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .

This artifact aligns with outcome 4a because it takes on Neutrality a core value of librarianship. Neutrality is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.

---
# Outocme 4b
### Evaluate current and emerging technologies for information capture, organization, dissemination, access, and/or curation to meet the variety of information needs of diverse communities.

For outcome 4b, my artifact comes from LIS 770, Management of Libraries and Information Centers. In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .

This artifact aligns with outcome 4b because it takes on Neutrality a core value of librarianship. Neutrality is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.

---
# Outcome 4c
###  Demonstrate teaching and learning principles in relation to professional practice.

For outcome 4c, my artifact comes from LIS 770, Management of Libraries and Information Centers. In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .

This artifact aligns with outcome 4c because it takes on Neutrality a core value of librarianship. Neutrality is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.