---
title: "Goal Three"
categories:
  - Portfolio
  - System Analysis
  - Data Analysis
  - Metadata
  - Cataloging
  - Information
tags:
---
<link href="{{ 'assets/css/dflip.min.css' | absolute_url }}" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<link href="{{ 'assets/css/themify-icons.min.css' | absolute_url }}" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">

## *Navigate, curate and create information across the spectrum of human records.*


---
# Outcome 3a
### Design resources or tools that facilitate access to information.

In EDU 779, Systems Analysis and Design, we were tasked with creating a system and system design report. Working alongside an educator we hoped to create something that could be utilized in both a library and education setting.  This report details the design process for a room booking system that streamlines reservations and empowers staff in both settings with effortless access to room information.
<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
            <div id="flipbook" class="_df_book" height="500" webgl="true"
                backgroundcolor="#0f477e"
                source="{{ 'assets/pdf/Artifact7-EDU 779 Final Project.pdf' | absolute_url }}">
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

This artifact directly connects with Learning Outcome 3a by focusing on building a user-friendly resource that facilitates access to room information. Throughout the report, we've outlined functionalities that empower staff and administrators at Romona Elementary to find the information they need effortlessly. The process modeling section utilizes clear flowcharts to visually represent room booking steps.  Similarly, the interface design section provides wireframes that showcase the layout of booking pages, cancellation options, and login screens. These tools offer users a clear picture of how to interact with the system and access relevant information. The aim of the system is to ensure that everyone has the information they need to make informed decisions regarding room reservations.  By prioritizing user-friendliness and clear information access, this system design report directly addresses Learning Outcome 3a.

---
# Outcome 3b
### Utilize resources or tools to manage information.

In LIS 882, Metadata for Digital Resources, our team project focused on creating a Metadata Application Profile (MAP) for a digital collection. We decided on architectural photographs of historical buildings in our local areas. Our catalog was designed for architects and architectural students. So our MAP highlights details  such as architect names, dates, architectural styles, building materials and locations. By creating this MAP, we ensured consistent data recording practices, enabling efficient searching and retrieval of these valuable historical resources.
<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
            <div id="flipbook" class="_df_book" height="500" webgl="true"
                backgroundcolor="#0f477e"
                source="{{ 'assets/pdf/Artifact9-XML Records.pdf' | absolute_url }}">
              
            [Please Click Here for Metadata Application Profile](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nV-HynwfEMKriO-GbU2f2_52UALdS1O3/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=107327320141802411663&rtpof=true&sd=true)
            
</div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>



In LIS 882, Metadata for Digital Resources, our team project focused on creating a Metadata Application Profile (MAP) for a digital collection. We decided on architectural photographs of historical buildings in our local areas. Our catalog was designed for architects and architectural students. So our MAP highlights details  such as architect names, dates, architectural styles, building materials and locations. By creating this MAP, we ensured consistent data recording practices, enabling efficient searching and retrieval of these valuable historical resources.

---
# Outcome 3c
### Evaluate resources or tools that manage and facilitate access to information. 

In LIS 750, Information Storage and Retrieval, we were tasked with evaluating the ALA Joblist website as an information retrieval system. The analysis investigated its effectiveness in identifying public library jobs for library science professionals. We compared keyword searches, filters, and explored factors influencing retrieved results. In the end we calculated recall and precision, and I proposed a structured database design to improve job posting storage.

<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
            <div id="flipbook" class="_df_book" height="500" webgl="true"
                backgroundcolor="#0f477e"
                source="{{ 'assets/pdf/Artifact10-LIS750-Assignment1.pdf' | absolute_url }}">
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

This report directly addresses Learning Outcome 3c, which emphasizes the evaluation of tools that manage and facilitate information access. The analysis focuses on the effectiveness of the information retrieval (IR) system used by the ALA Joblist website, specifically its ability to identify relevant public library jobs. The report investigates how various search strategies, such as using quotation marks around "public library" or the "organization type" filter, impact the quantity and relevance (recall) of retrieved results. The analysis also explores the unclear ranking criteria and calculating precision for different search methods. By evaluating these functionalities and proposing improvements like a structured database, this report demonstrates the importance of carefully examining IR systems. Effective IR systems ensure they effectively manage and facilitate access to information, empowering users. In this case, this translates to library science job seekers accessing the most relevant opportunities, which is going to be very relevant to me.

<script src="{{ 'assets/js/libs/jquery.min.js' | absolute_url }}" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script src="{{ 'assets/js/dflip.min.js' | absolute_url }}" type="text/javascript"></script>
