---
title:  "Goal One"
subtitle: "Develop a professional identity and philosophy within the library and information professions."
categories:
  - Portfolio
tags:
  - Ethics
  - Core Values
  - Anti-Racism
  - CRT
  - Neutrality
order: 1
---
<!-- IMPORT FLIPBOOK STYLES (Flipbook & Icons Stylesheets) -->
<!-- These lines must be added to the top of the .md file, just below the frontmatter -->
<link href="{{ 'assets/css/dflip.min.css' | absolute_url }}" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<link href="{{ 'assets/css/themify-icons.min.css' | absolute_url }}" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">

---
# Outcome 1a
### Develop a professional identity and philosophy within the library and information professions.

This artifact comes from LIS 770, Management of Libraries and Information Centers. In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .

<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
            <div id="flipbook" class="_df_book" height="500" webgl="true"
                backgroundcolor="#0f477e"
                source="{{ 'assets/pdf/Artifact-1-LIS770.pdf' | absolute_url }}">
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>  <br>

This artifact aligns with *outcome 1a* because it takes on **neutrality** a core value of librarianship. **Neutrality**  is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.

---
# Outcome 1b
### Demonstrate how a philosophy, theory, model, and/or major perspective of the library and information profession guides practice in diverse settings.

This artifact comes from LIS 707,Leadership, Marketing and Strategic Communication . In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .

This artifact aligns with outcome 1b because it takes on Neutrality a core value of librarianship. Neutrality  is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.

---
# Outcome 1c
### Participate in professional activities and associations, such as professional conferences and meetings, internships and practicums, and professional email discussions and social media.
 
This artifact comes from LIS 791, Practicum. In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .

This artifact aligns with outcome 1c because it takes on Neutrality a core value of librarianship. Neutrality  is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.

---

<!-- IMPORT FLIPBOOK JAVASCRIPT (jQuery & Main Flipbook JS) -->
<!-- These lines must be added to the bottom of the .md file -->
<script src="{{ 'assets/js/libs/jquery.min.js' | absolute_url }}" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script src="{{ 'assets/js/dflip.min.js' | absolute_url }}" type="text/javascript"></script>
