---
title: "Goal Two"
categories:

tags:
---
<link href="{{ 'assets/css/dflip.min.css' | absolute_url }}" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<link href="{{ 'assets/css/themify-icons.min.css' | absolute_url }}" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">



# Outcome 2a
### Describe various definitions and concepts of information.

For outcome 2a, my artifact comes from LIS 770, Management of Libraries and Information Centers. In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .
<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
            <div id="flipbook" class="_df_book" height="500" webgl="true"
                backgroundcolor="#0f477e"
                source="{{ 'assets/pdf/The-Case-for-Memory-Safe-Roadmaps-508c.pdf' | absolute_url }}">
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

This artifact aligns with outcome 2a because it takes on Neutrality a core value of librarianship. Neutrality  is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.

---
# Outcome 2b
### Explain the impact of information policies on intellectual freedom, access, literacy, information behavior, and other aspects of library and information science.

For outcome 2b, my artifact comes from LIS 770, Management of Libraries and Information Centers. In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .

This artifact aligns with outcome 2b because it takes on Neutrality a core value of librarianship. Neutrality  is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.

---
# Outcome 2c
### Develop appropriate responses to assessed information needs within diverse communities/organizations.

For outcome 2c, my artifact comes from LIS 770, Management of Libraries and Information Centers. In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .

This artifact aligns with outcome 2c because it takes on Neutrality a core value of librarianship. Neutrality  is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.
<script src="{{ 'assets/js/libs/jquery.min.js' | absolute_url }}" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script src="{{ 'assets/js/dflip.min.js' | absolute_url }}" type="text/javascript"></script>