---
title: "Goal Five"
categories:
  - Portfolio
tags:
 - Outreach
 - Leadership
 - Professionalism
 - Restorative Justice
 - Metadata
 - Communication
order: 5
---
<link href="{{ 'assets/css/dflip.min.css' | absolute_url }}" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<link href="{{ 'assets/css/themify-icons.min.css' | absolute_url }}" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">

## *Effectively communicate and collaborate to deliver, market, and advocate for library and information services.*


---
# Outcome 5a
### Apply marketing and/or advocacy principles to demonstrate and promote the value of libraries and information agencies.

This artifact comes from my non-class involvement at Columbus State Community College (CSCC), where I led outreach for the African American Read-In Chain during Black History Month. Assigned by my supervisor, I managed a table, crafted a display, and created bookcards to promote the library's catalog and encourage circulation. This hands-on experience offered practical insights into outreach strategies, emphasizing the role of libraries in community engagement during cultural events.

<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
            <div id="flipbook" class="_df_book" height="500" webgl="true"
                backgroundcolor="#0f477e"
                source="{{ 'assets/pdf/Artifact-BHM.pdf' | absolute_url }}">
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>   <br>

This artifact aligns with Outcome 5a, demonstrating the application of marketing and advocacy principles during the African American Read-In Chain event at Columbus State Community College. Through the creation of bookcards and a captivating display, the outreach initiative successfully engaged attendees, resulting in the checkout of six books. This strategic use of marketing tactics not only fostered community awareness but also directly contributed to increased utilization of library materials. The success of the initiative highlights the effectiveness of advocacy efforts within the context of a culturally significant event, showcasing the library's value and impact.

---
# Outcome 5b
### Demonstrate effective professional communication to achieve common understanding as an individual or in group settings.

In LIS 882, Metadata for Digital Resources, our team project focused on creating a Metadata Application Profile (MAP), XML Records, Group Reports, and evaluation. We chose to highlight architectural photographs of historical buildings in our local areas for our catalog, specifically designed to cater to architects and architectural students. Throughout the project, we maintained an ongoing Teams Conversation. This platform served as a space where we critiqued each other's works, collaborated on project completion, and organized various meetings and assignment components.
<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
            <div id="flipbook" class="_df_book" height="500" webgl="true"
                backgroundcolor="#0f477e"
                source="{{ 'assets/pdf/Communication.pdf' | absolute_url }}">
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>   <br>

This artifact aligns with Learning Outcome 5b, it showcases effective professional communication within a group setting during the LIS 882 project. Through the ongoing Teams Conversation, team members engage in constructive critiques, share insights on various project components like the Metadata Application Profile (MAP), XML Records, and Group Reports, and coordinate meetings and assignments. The dialogue illustrates active listening, thoughtful responses, and a collective effort to address uncertainties and align strategies. This artifact effectively demonstrates my proficiency in professional communication, highlighting my collaborative spirit and ability to collectively work toward a shared goal.

---
# Outcome 5c
### Demonstrate leadership principles in an educational, professional, or community context.

In my previous role, I played a pivotal role as one of four leaders chosen to spearhead the restorative justice initiative at my branch. The initiative aimed to cultivate a sense of belonging and responsibility among younger patrons, fostering an environment that kept them engaged in the library. As part of the program, my team and I designed mediation materials, conducted training sessions for the entire staff, and served as examples when addressing customer violations. This leadership endeavor not only showcased my ability to take on a leadership role but also emphasized my commitment to creating a positive and inclusive community within the educational and professional context of the library. One of the best results from this was a contract made with a patron to curb unwanted practices. Unfortunately, I do not have access to the materials we made, so I included the Suspension policy.
<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
            <div id="flipbook" class="_df_book" height="500" webgl="true"
                backgroundcolor="#0f477e"
                source="{{ 'assets/pdf/CP-Suspensions.pdf' | absolute_url }}">
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>   <br>

The Suspension policy, serving as my artifact, illuminates the potential impact of disciplinary measures on library users. By showcasing the number of days individuals could miss out on library resources, this artifact underscores the significance of fair and considerate leadership in an educational and community context. This leadership opportunity extended beyond simply guiding my team; it allowed me to apply my social justice skills to actively contribute to making my library community feel valued and welcome. This alignment with Learning Outcome 5c highlights my commitment to leadership principles that prioritize inclusivity, fairness, and positive educational experiences  within the library setting.
<script src="{{ 'assets/js/libs/jquery.min.js' | absolute_url }}" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script src="{{ 'assets/js/dflip.min.js' | absolute_url }}" type="text/javascript"></script>
