---
title: "Goal Two"
categories:
  - Portfolio

tags:
 - Metadata
 - Information
 - Budgets
 - Multicultural Communication
 - Equity and Access
 - Programming
 - Outreach
order: 2
---
<link href="{{ 'assets/css/dflip.min.css' | absolute_url }}" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">
<link href="{{ 'assets/css/themify-icons.min.css' | absolute_url }}" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">

## *Understand the essential nature of information and its relevance to our diverse society.*


---
# Outcome 2a
### Describe various definitions and concepts of information.

For a discussion post in LIS 882, Metadata for Digital Resources, we responded to two prompts. Firstly, we explored the differences and similarities of metadata based on our readings, aiming to move beyond the identification of a common definition. Secondly, we defined metadata in a manner that could be understandable to colleagues, fellow students, friends, or family members. The goal was not to repeat the standard definition but to analyze and come to our understanding of what metadata is and be able to articulate it to different audiences.
<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
            <div id="flipbook" class="_df_book" height="500" webgl="true"
                backgroundcolor="#0f477e"
                source="{{ 'assets/pdf/Artifact4-LIS882-Discussion-Post.pdf' | absolute_url }}">
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>  <br>

In this artifact, I explored the various definitions for metadata presented by authors in the readings.  While identifying the common theme of "data about data" was important, I went further to examine the finer points of this concept, demonstrating my grasp of its characteristics.  I highlighted the role of metadata as a powerful tool for discovery, emphasizing its ability to simplify complex information for users.  The discussion concluded by showcasing my ability to tailor explanations for different audiences.  By contrasting how I'd explain metadata to a librarian versus someone new to the field, I emphasized my versatility in describing information concepts. This approach directly addresses Learning Outcome 2a's focus on understanding and explaining various information definitions.

---
# Outcome 2b
### Explain the impact of information policies on intellectual freedom, access, literacy, information behavior, and other aspects of library and information science.

In LIS 770, Management of Libraries and Information Centers, we were tasked with exploring "how social justice can be enhanced through budgeting". We were assigned four readings that provided diverse perspectives on budgeting strategies and their potential impact on library services.  With a focus on social justice, the information policy of fair access and diverse viewpoints became embedded in the formation of library services and policies.
<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
            <div id="flipbook" class="_df_book" height="500" webgl="true"
                backgroundcolor="#0f477e"
                source="{{ 'assets/pdf/Artifact5-LIS770-RidleyMod9.pdf' | absolute_url }}">
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>   <br>

In this artifact I analyzed social justice and library budgeting, exploring how budgeting decisions serve as a practical application of information policy. By prioritizing social justice in their budgets, libraries translate their information policy, equity of access, into action.  Allocating resources for programs, diverse collections, partnerships, and staff training in cultural competency demonstrates a commitment to social justice. These actions directly impact user behavior and information access by fostering an inclusive environment and empowering users to explore various viewpoints.  Budgeting decisions (as information policy application) can be a powerful tool for libraries to achieve social justice goals.

---
# Outcome 2c
### Develop appropriate responses to assessed information needs within diverse communities/organizations.

For LIS 707, we were assigned the role of Communication Manager for The Middletown Public Library (MPL). MPL is aiming to improve outreach and engagement with the city's growing Hispanic/Latinx population. This initiative comes after discussions with local Hispanic leaders who expressed a need for the library to be more inclusive. Currently, 25% of Middletown residents identify as Hispanic/Latinx, with a significant portion being undocumented. The library acknowledges the importance of addressing this community's information needs and fostering a welcoming environment. This strategic communication plan outlines a 15-month strategy to achieve these goals.
<div class="container">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-xs-12">
            <div id="flipbook" class="_df_book" height="500" webgl="true"
                backgroundcolor="#0f477e"
                source="{{ 'assets/pdf/Artifact6-StratCommCaseStudy.pdf' | absolute_url }}">
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>   <br>

This artifact directly addresses Learning Outcome 2c s by prioritizing understanding the Middletown Hispanic/Latinx community through demographics analysis. This understanding goes beyond simply expanding resources. The plan proposes culturally sensitive communication methods, like fliers displayed at frequented supermarkets and bilingual story times, ensuring accessibility for Spanish-speaking patrons. It further fosters a welcoming environment by incorporating community partnerships, such as co-hosting a library party with a local Spanish supermarket. Recognizing the importance of staff training, the plan includes cultural competency initiatives, empowering staff to effectively serve the diverse community.  By addressing information needs, communication methods, resource provision, and staff training, this plan showcases an  appropriate response to assessed information needs within Middletown.
<script src="{{ 'assets/js/libs/jquery.min.js' | absolute_url }}" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script src="{{ 'assets/js/dflip.min.js' | absolute_url }}" type="text/javascript"></script>
