---
title: "Goal Five"
categories:
tags:
---

# Outcome 5a
### Apply marketing and/or advocacy principles to demonstrate and promote the value of libraries and information agencies.

For outcome 5a, my artifact comes from LIS 770, Management of Libraries and Information Centers. In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .

This artifact aligns with outcome 5a because it takes on Neutrality a core value of librarianship. Neutrality is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.

---
# Outocme 5b
### Demonstrate effective professional communication to achieve common understanding as an individual or in group settings.

For outcome 5b, my artifact comes from LIS 770, Management of Libraries and Information Centers. In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .

This artifact aligns with outcome 5b because it takes on Neutrality a core value of librarianship. Neutrality is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.

---
# Outcome 5c
### Demonstrate leadership principles in an educational, professional, or community context.

For outcome 5c, my artifact comes from LIS 770, Management of Libraries and Information Centers. In this assignment, we were given the option to choose one of 6 prompts to craft a research paper around. I chose the topic: “[Provide] an in-depth analysis of a (one) current issue or trend in the management of libraries, information centers, knowledge centers, archives, museums, etc”. My paper outlines the dangers of neutrality in a nation that is historically unkind to BIPOC and offers solutions to bend towards an equitable neutral .

This artifact aligns with outcome 5c because it takes on Neutrality a core value of librarianship. Neutrality is an ever-changing value of librarianship that has a meaning that changes with each-person, location and era. With the recent attacks on books and libraries it has evolved to a very hot-button topic because of the varying views and the role that libraries should play in it.